hello hi guys welcome back to another
video I hope you're doing really good
and 2020 is going well so far obviously
if it's not don't worry today it's gonna
be a different video that I haven't
actually done over on my channel and
basically I am just going to go through
an in-depth glute workout and these
exercises are what's completely changed
my glutes and have gotten me the most
glute growth it can be so easy to be
going to the gym and wondering why you
can't feel a contraction in your glutes
and more sort of feeling it in your
hamstrings and quads and frustratin if
you're not feeling like you're
progressing and so I'm just going to
explain some tips that really help to
get that glute contraction but what I do
I'm going to show you the movement first
and then I'll go through it with a
voiceover I've written down so many
notes and tips I'm gonna put in and I'll
make sure that on the screen but first
we're at before you actually get into
the workout make sure you activate those
glutes right especially if you're sat
down and we drive to the day like work
College you need whatever your glutes
and they're not really returned or the
most important thing and this will if
you aren't currently like warming up or
activating your glutes this will be a
massive game-changer all together I'd
recommend using a resistance band but
you don't necessarily need one you can
move about obviously in your warmup so
that you have still got strength and
energies to get into the main one so
without further ado so I'm just gonna
get straight on into it let me know what
you think of the format of this video
and if you'd like to see some more like
this in the comments down below and yet
don't forget to hit like and subscribe
to my channel so my first exercise is a
hip thrust this is my absolute favorite
staple movement I found this the most
beneficial as well in terms of glute
growth so I'm performing a pyramid set
here and I'm really driving through my
heels keeping my feet flat and also
keeping my head tucked so it's not
swinging about and I'm just sort of
fixed on one point with a neutral spine
when you do perform this movement as
well just make sure you're getting a
full range of motion and
when you're at the top just to make sure
your knees don't go inwards I always
find you can load it hips are so quite a
lot easier than any of the movement as
well and I just think it is a really
good compound movement to do so next up
is the split squat now you've got to
really make sure that you've got your
stance right when you do in this
movement so keep your front thigh
parallel to the ground and then make
sure as you're lowering down that you're
really squeezing your glutes and
activating them I'm doing four sets of
eight reps on each leg whilst you're
doing this whirl and really make sure
you're not driving forward with your
knee and dry them with your glute
instead cuz it can be so easy to do that
and also make sure your back isn't
arched another little tip when you're
doing split squats is to start with your
weak leg I always try and do this if I'm
doing any single low stuff and it is so
helpful so the next exercise is one of
my favorites and it's a goblet squat
here yet just make sure you're standing
with your feet slightly wider than your
hip distance apart and keep the dumbbell
and your arms in between the lines of
your knees and just make sure you engage
your core and as you're going down drive
back up through your heels and squeeze
your glutes at the top of the movement
without fully hinging your hips forward
this just really maximizes the glute
activation as well so I'm doing four
sets of 10 reps with a 15 kg dumbbell
you probably find you can go heavy with
a dumbbell in this movement and just
make sure you've got it tight to your
chest
so the next exercise I am doing is a
cable pull through Here I am doing 4
sets of 12 reps so as you're doing this
keep a neutral spine and when you're
pushing your hips back make sure you can
feel a good stretch but just don't
overextend on your spine and then
squeeze your glutes at the top of the
movement
and just keep your shins perpendicular
to the ground so you can really
emphasize the stretch on your hamstrings
and glutes also I just mentioned to keep
your arms straight to them I've got in
the video it's good to have a slight
Bend but yeah just keep them straighter
in between your legs
so that is the workout finished so they
are my favorite and state poor glute
exercises I've really recommend adding
those if you don't already have them in
your glute workout just make sure
comfortable with the movement before you
start adding a load of weight and
obviously you want to injure yourself
and if you're trying to do weights are
too heavy that's when your form can
solve get make sure you have compound
movements in every single leg workout
because you know you don't know me do an
accessory work that's not going to get
you the results so that is a really
massive tip but yeah I really hope you
found this video helpful do let me know
in the comments down below what you
think I really hope you enjoyed this
video and I really hope it was helpful
as well and if you've got any questions
just leave them in the comment box down
below my eight-week full body guide that
has some more details on all this that
I've mentioned in the video VA I'll see
you guys in the next video